Update README file (#2003)
hashgraph/hedera-sdk-js: README.md

# with PNPM
$ pnpm add @hashgraph/sdk
```
## Build

> After download the repo run `task build` command to build the SDK.

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
After downloading the repo run `task build` to build the SDK.
```
